Add support for extended range selector modifiers smoothed & anchored (#13398)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [FEATURE] Query-frontends: Automatically adjust features used in query plans generated for remote execution based on what the available queriers support. #13017 #13164
* [FEATURE] Memberlist: Add experimental support for zone-aware routing, in order to reduce memberlist cross-AZ data transfer. #13129
* [FEATURE] Query-frontend and querier: Add experimental support for performing query planning in query-frontends and distributing portions of the plan to queriers for execution. #13058

> * [FEATURE] MQE: Add support for experimental extended range selector modifiers `smoothed` and `anchored`. #13398

Reviewer: We should also add this to `about-versioning.md`.

* [CHANGE] Ingester: Stabilize experimental flag `-ingest-storage.write-logs-fsync-before-kafka-commit-concurrency` to fsync write logs before the offset is committed to Kafka. Remove `-ingest-storage.write-logs-fsync-before-kafka-commit-enabled` since this is always enabled now. #13591
* [FEATURE] Distributor: add `-distributor.otel-label-name-underscore-sanitization` and `-distributor.otel-label-name-preserve-underscores` that control sanitization of underscores during OTLP translation. #13133
* [FEATURE] Query-frontends: Automatically adjust features used in query plans generated for remote execution based on what the available queriers support. #13017 #13164 #13544

> * [FEATURE] Memberlist: Add experimental support for zone-aware routing, in order to reduce memberlist cross-AZ data transfer. #13129 #13651 #13664

Reviewer: This still isn't quite right, looks like there's an extra comma added.

  * `-common.storage.gcs.max-retries`
  * `-ruler-storage.gcs.max-retries`
* [ENHANCEMENT] Usage-tracker: Improve first snapshot loading & rehash speed. #13284

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Limits middleware will record different error messages when experimental functions, aggregations, or extended range selector modifiers are used but not enabled for a tenant. #13398

Reviewer: Middleware is an implementation detail:

```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Return different error messages when experimental functions, aggregations, or extended range selector modifiers are used but not enabled for a tenant. #13398
```
